  Classes are a user-defined blueprint or prototype from which objects are created. It represents the set of properties (attributes) or methods (behaviors) that are common to all objects of one type. We need classes because they are templates for objects: Classes provide the template for creating objects. They bind code into data. Classes define methods and data and support the inheritance property of Object-Oriented Programming (OOP), allowing us to maintain class hierarchies. Classes help maintain access specifications for member variables.  A class itself doesn’t occupy memory. 
  Objects are the basic unit of Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) and represent real-life entities. Real-life entities share two characteristics: they have attributes (state) and behavior (methods). An object consists of 3 things: the state, behavior, and identity. State is represented by attributes, the properties of the object. The behavior is represented by methods, the actions of the object. Their identity gives a unique name to an object and allows it to interact with other objects. Each object occupies memory. We create two different objects to store the two numbers. Each object has its own state (the actual numbers) and behavior is the addition operation. 
	Conceptual Differences are that a class is an abstract blueprint, no memory allocation, defines structure and behavior. Objects have concrete instances, have state and behavior, occupies memory. Always remember that classes define what objects can be, and objects represent actual instances of those definitions


